h4. to jumpstart this '-' git repo into a local repo of @your choices@.

# @git config --global user.name@ @"Jeongim Bae"@
# @git config --global user.email@ [@overlakehome@gmail.com@]
# @git clone git://github.com/0ishi/-.git@ @main@
# @cd@ %{color:blue}@-@% # change directory into your local repository.

h4. to get to normal workflow of edit, revert, cache, commit, and push to remote.

# (edit files)
# status of your local changes (optional), e.g. @git status@
# discard your local changes (optional), e.g. @git checkout .@
# put changes to cache (also called index), e.g. @git add src/main.cs@
# get rid of changes out of cache (optional), e.g. @git reset src/main.java@
# diff --cached before commit, e.g. @git diff --cached@
# commit changes from cache, e.g. @git commit -m 'added main.cs.'@ 
# push to remote git repo, e.g. [@git push git@github.com:0ishi/-.git@]
# pull from remote git repo (optional), e.g. @git pull@
# merge conflicting changes (optional), e.g. @git mergetool@

h4. to shortcut most common git commands using your favorite shell aliases.

<pre>
alias gst='git status' # status of changes
alias gco='git checkout' # revert changes
alias gdf='git diff' # changes in the working tree not yet staged for the next commit.
alias gdfcached='git diff --cached' # Changes between the staged index and the last commit.
alias gdfhead='git diff HEAD' # changes in the working tree since the last commit.
alias gad='git add' # into cache
alias gci='git commit' # commit
alias grs='git reset' # out of cache
alias gps='git push' # push
alias gpl='git pull' # pull
alias github='cd /Users/overlakehome/github/' # on mac osx
alias main='cd /Users/overlakehome/github/main/' # on mac osx
</pre>

h4. to produce colorful output with git commands.

<pre>
git config --global color.diff auto
git config --global color.status auto
git config --global color.branch auto
</pre>

h4. "to configure p4merge & p4diff":http://www.andymcintosh.com/?p=33, ~/.gitconfig (git config file) needs these lines:

<pre>
[merge]
    keepBackup = false;
    tool = p4merge
[mergetool "p4merge"]
    cmd = p4merge "$BASE" "$LOCAL" "$REMOTE" "$MERGED"
    keepTemporaries = false
    trustExitCode = false
    keepBackup = false
[diff]
    external = p4diff
</pre>
